# **Reflections**

## Problem-Solving
I might have overestimated my capabilities and time needed to build the website. I extended my midterm project, which was a lifesaver, but I planned to add multimedia content, interactive navigation, and interactive assessments. My first and second goals were achieved successfully. Originally, I wanted to add extensive information to make the site a comprehensive resource, but after discussions with my classmates, I decided to narrow the content to specific ones that can help my users to fulfill the learning objectives. For the animations and page scrolling, I integrated Bootstrap and Material Design for the specific functions that I was looking for. I also experimented with jQuery. However, my biggest letdown was that I experienced many difficulties in getting the interactive assessments to work properly, and right after I was happy with them, they suddenly did not work anymore. I was stressed from fixing the Javascript codes, in addition to finishing finals from other classes. Fortunately, my classmates and other students whom I had shown my site to during the showcase were very understanding and gave me some suggestions. One of them was to simplify my assessments as long as they can still help users. So I made the pre-assessment a visual prototype and the other assessments simple multiple-choice quizzes.

## Future Ideas
I still want to polish my website more. Perhaps it will become my personal project over the summer. One idea that I have for future improvement is splitting the contents in the instrument page into several pages where each page discusses only one instrument family. I found out that my HTML code had run too long and that I had inserted many embedded multimedia content, thus the page loading became slower. It's not a good idea to keep users waiting for content to load, but I also need to figure out how to design the navigation so my menu links will not be too populated. A possibility is to use dropdowns or breadcrumbs. Doing this kind of  navigation will change the user learning flow from being very directed to one that is more flexible. So now users can choose how to experience their learning--linear from start to finish, or multidirectional where they interact with the content they really need. Another idea is to make the assessments more aesthetically pleasing and interactive than just clicking on options to answer, and also to fix my Javascript code. I was really not satisfied that the code somehow did not work and I had to change to a simpler version for each assessment. Even then, some of them still did not work correctly. Lastly, I will try to make my website responsive across multiple devices as I want my learners to easily access it anywhere and anytime they want. I did not have enough time to do this for the final project as the code errors took too much of my time to fix.
